[Music]
Very good my dearest before the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the weekend and pay attention tonight
because Maika brings us a piece of
exclusive and will tell her the details. I
have no idea what she is going to
tell but I will be attentive and I will
surely make another video
commenting on the details of what
I think about this. You already know that there was
a dismissal. Telecinco is clinging to the fact that
Padilla left the set of Sálvame an hour before the
day of the discussion about the vaccines
and Belén Esteban, an
entirely senseless thing. Okay, they are
grasping at straws because they
wanted to throw the one that has been going on for a while.
You know that the presenters and collaborators have abandoned the set
whenever
they feel like it and it turns out that well,
maybe Padilla wanted to kick them out.
So for Padilla, according to what
Makeup is telling us here, they would already be
moving
a lawsuit for this, we would not be
talking about another
labor lawsuit, labor issue. Telecinco
grows dwarfs exactly,
dwarfs grow but well, they
look for them sometimes since the
dwarfs grow because they have  magnet like it happens to
me but there is another one that you
look for and on this occasion it seems
that Paz Padilla has seen weight to
sue Telecinco let's see what
Maycas tells us congratulations for the
exclusive and nothing family I send you a
huge hug and that you continue enjoying
the weekend
[Music]